the design looks a bit old-fashioned but
This is the latest model in tablets
small windows hello, how are you?
vanessa hand orellana for cinema in
Spanish and today I have the first
look at the tablet although 8 of toshiba
in aspect it has nothing new
appears to be aluminum but in
reality is plastic silver with
Curved edges and texture to improve the
grip is thick and feels heavy for
make a mini tablet weighs almost what
same as an ipad was the buttons of
volume at the start are not very
raised and difficult to find without
flip to see has ports for micro
usb micro atx e-mail and slot for
microsd card the screen measures 8.1
inches and has a resolution of 1280
x 800 pixels the colors look clear
but I almost went blind trying to
read the small text the front camera
is 2 megapixels for your calls in
video and the main camera that does not have
flash is 8 megapixels my only complaint
is that the colors look a bit opaque
but not
if it is for the camera or the screen
what makes them look like this has the system
operative windows 8.1 that has improved
a lot compared to the more versions
old but still depends a lot on
the desktop interface
if you want to install programs or change
of language on a laptop with mouse and
keyboard does not matter that much but in a
small tablet without keyboard accessory
or tactile mattress is very
uncomfortable trying to select files
and closing windows comes with a
quad-core fast processor atom
of intel and does not delay in opening apps and
load video games the battery has a
good performance to make device
windows and lasted a little over 8 hours
of video continues the good thing about this
tablet with windows 8.1 is that you can
install your favorite programs of
windows like word or excel the bad thing is that
they use a lot of space and you can
do not have enough you can buy a
tablet and work with 32 gigabytes of
storage for 330 dollars or that of
64 gigabytes for 400 dollars
if you want to download more programs
windows you can add up
64 gigs more with a microsd card
conclusion if you want windows programs
on your mobile device is worth the
worth considering but if what you're looking for is
a mini tablet there are other options
most attractive and cheap in the market
like the kindle dx or the nexus 7 am
vanessa hand orellana for cinema in
Spanish and this has been your first look
toshiba to a core 8